Brother Xiaoyu, you are here
Don't be in such a hurry
Is today someone's birthday?
Your birthday present.
So beautiful, Brother Xiaoyu, please bring it for me. Okay.
Sure enough, you are still suitable for this
What about Tongtong?
Will he be angry if you leave him?
Forget about him.
I don't want to talk about him now.
Brother Xiaoyu
Why don't you divorce Tongtong and marry me?
Why do you say this well? Oh, Brother Xiaoyu.
People are kidding
As long as you have me in your heart
I'm satisfied
I won't trouble you.
Still you are good
Hey wait
Brother Xiaoyu, go wash up first
Anyway, we have plenty of time
Your birthday is up to you
Then I'll take a shower first.